Update to GWT 2.13.1 (#429)
gwtproject/gwt-site: src/main/markdown/release-notes.md

* * *

<a id="Release_Notes_Current"></a>
## <a id="Release_Notes_2_13_1"></a> Release Notes for 2.13.1
### Bug fixes:
* Permit failure to delete files on Windows, and close finished logs. This is a regression, caused by trying to use Guava to replace some bespoke utility classes.
* Simplify RTA iframe loading in Firefox. This addresses a change in behavior in Firefox, although in most cases applications compiled with older versions of GWT should have a workaround automatically applied by Firefox.

> * Use Objects.equals to compare record fields for null support. As records are a new feature but implemented incorrectly, andthis was a low risk fix, this was backported.

Reviewer: At minimum the missing space should be fixed. I'd also suggest to remove the information that records are new as it makes the sentence a bit convoluted, maybe something like

```suggestion
* Use `Objects.equals` to compare record fields for null support. As the current implementation of records was producing an incorrect `equals` method and this was a low risk fix, this was backported.
```

Author: Thanks, I'll fix this in the github release entry too. They aren't ... not new, but somehow none of us noticed this issue until now, so they clearly aren't getting heavy use either.
